Validate webhook in Mendix (#5990)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/developerportal/deploy/mendix-cloud-deploy/webhooks.md

* You should use a constant-time string comparison method in order to prevent timing attacks.
* You should also verify that **webhook-timestamp** is within your tolerance for the current system time, to ensure you are not receiving timestamp attacks where old webhook payloads are being sent to your endpoint.

### 3.1.1 Verifying Your Webhook Using Mendix

You can use Mendix to verify your webhook, using functions available in the [Community Commons](/appstore/modules/community-commons-function-library/) module. To do this, follow the steps below:

> 1. Ensure that your app contains the Community Commons module.

Reviewer: The numbering is not correct, it seems? Or will that be updated automatically later?

Author: Hugo (markdown?) is clever enough to number things for you if you put all 1's. And Hugo will renumber them anyway if you get the numbering wrong. So I've decided to let the computer do that for me - I have enough other things to worry about.

1. Retrieve a list of `System.HttpHeader` objects over the association `$HttpRequest/HttpHeaders` using the HttpRequest from the webhook.

> 1. Obtain the `webhook-id`, `webhook-timestamp`, and `webhook-signature` by using a *Find by expression* **List operation** on the list of `System.HttpHeader` objects. You can use an expression like `toLowerCase($currentObject/Key) = toLowerCase("webhook-id")` and extract the `/Value` attribute.

Reviewer: Obtain the [...] _`System.HttpHeader` objects_ by [...]? Or _headers_?

Author: Yes, perhaps that would read better?
And I don't have to lowercase a string which is already in lowercase 😀
So:
```suggestion
1. Obtain the `webhook-id`, `webhook-timestamp`, and `webhook-signature` by using a *Find by expression* **List operation** on the list of headers. You can use an expression like `toLowerCase($currentObject/Key) = "webhook-id")` and extract the `/Value` attribute.
```

(Feel free to commit this if you are happy with the suggestion.

Reviewer: I meant the following (should have created a suggestion right away).
```suggestion
1. Obtain the `webhook-id`, `webhook-timestamp`, and `webhook-signature` headers by using a *Find by expression* **List operation** on the list of `System.HttpHeader` objects. You can use an expression like `toLowerCase($currentObject/Key) = 'webhook-id'` and extract the `/Value` attribute.
```
